---
description: Project Questions
---

# General

**Q: What is Sustainable Yield?** \
A: Yield that is generated by exchanging risk for a premium or interest payment, not yield that is generated by being paid governance/utility tokens.

**Q: What are DIPs?** \
A: Dual Investment Pools, similar in structure to more commonly known Decentralized Option Vaults (DOVs) but with real-time pricing and customizable yields. Users get paid USDC immediately for staking crypto.

**Q: What are Staking Options?** \
A: A generalized form of options that are designed to be applied as an incentive tool for projects & participants to have a further "stake" in the token.&#x20;

**Q: What are some applications of Staking Options?** \
A: Liquidity, Airdrops, Governance, Participation, Loyalty, Contributions etc. Staking Options are a better reward than simple token rewards for whatever is determined to be in the best interest of the project!

**Q: Why Staking Options better rewards than Tokens?** \
A: Dump Protection - non-inflationary since the strike limits supply; Timed Motivation - options expire so encourages to work towards goals in set period of time; Price Stability - introduces gamma which allows for easier market making of tokens

**Q: Where can you buy DUAL tokens?** \
A: The only way to acquire tokens directly is from Staking Option exercise, but several DEXs have community led liquidity. \
See:

{% content-ref url="../dual-tokenomics/token-liquidity/" %}
[token-liquidity](../dual-tokenomics/token-liquidity/)
{% endcontent-ref %}

**Q: What are RLPs?** \
A: Rehypothecated Lending Pools, a pool of capital that permits uncollateralized borrowing only from counterparties who have unbounded risk exposure to the pool. Feature is being scheduled for H2 2023

**Q: Is Dual audited and Open Source?** \
A: Not formally audited, mostly open source & DAO owned program authorities. See:

{% content-ref url="../extra/security.md" %}
[security.md](../extra/security.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}

**Q: What is the DUAL DAO?** \
A: The decentralized governance body run by the DUAL token on Realms. Fees generated from Dual Finance platform accrue to the Dual DAO treasury. See:

{% content-ref url="../dual-tokenomics/dual-dao/" %}
[dual-dao](../dual-tokenomics/dual-dao/)
{% endcontent-ref %}

**Q: What is the mission of the project?** \
A: To fix crypto’s broken tokenomic incentive structures through sustainable option based pathways.

**Q: How can non-technical people contribute?**\
A: Non-Technical contributors should reach out in discord by creating a [ticket](https://discord.com/channels/937797334048325673/1070906120622854154) or creating a thread in the [#governance channel](https://discord.com/channels/937797334048325673/1071855278808637560). Explain the scope of work you which to conduct, your background and why you're well suited for that work. Elaborate on how the Dual DAO stands to benefit from the work and any milestones or deliverables that will be produced. The more detail in your proposal better. All contributions are eligible for DUAL Staking Option rewards subject to Dual DAO approval.

**Q: How can non-technical people contribute?**\
A: Technical contributors can fork and make Pull Requests directly into the Dual Finance Github repositories. A good first place to look for issues is in the [Status repo](https://github.com/Dual-Finance/status/issues)!&#x20;

**Q: What is on the Dual Finance Roadmap?**\
A: Liquidity Incentive Infrastructure. See the Roadmap Page:

{% content-ref url="../extra/roadmap.md" %}
[roadmap.md](../extra/roadmap.md)
{% endcontent-ref %}
